# oibsiptasks
This repository consists of Project files of oasisInfoByte java Internship.
Task_Number_01 : Online Reservation System(ORS)
Task_Number_02 : Number Guessing Game(NGG)
Task_Number_03 : ATM INTERFACE


Task_Number_01_description : 
  This Online Reservation System will include all the necessary fields which are required during
online reservation system. This Online Reservation System will be easy to use and can be used by
any person. The basic idea behind this project is to save data in a central database which can be
accessed by any authorize person to get information and saves time and burden which are being
faced by their customers.

Modules under the project :
Login Form 

Reservation System 

Cancellation Form 

Task_Number_02_description : 
  The fun and easy project “Guess the Number” is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps:
The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100.
The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed dialogue box.
The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is higher/lower than the generated number.
The game continues under the user guessing the number.

You can also incorporate further details as:

Limiting the number of attempts.

Adding more rounds.

Displaying score.

Giving points based on the number of attempts.

Task_Number_03_description :
  We have all come across ATMs in our cities and it is built on Java. This complex project consists of
five different classes and is a console-based application. When the system starts the user is
prompted with user id and user pin. On entering the details successfully, then ATM functionalities
are unlocked. The project allows to perform following operations:

Transactions History

Withdraw

Deposit

Transfer

Quit
